Command Line Arguments.MD, before:

###### Taken from Steam Client Win64 Beta 1498032887 built Nov 1 2016, at 12:01:19

Steams Command Line Arguments are prefixed with `-`.

```
-480p - Run tenfoot in 480p rather than 1080p
-720p - Run tenfoot in 720p rather than 1080p
-accountrecovery - Perform account recovery
-all_languages - show longest loc string from any language
-bigpicture - Start in Steam Big Picture mode
-cafeapplaunch - Launch apps in a cyber cafe context
-candidates - Show libjingle candidates for local connection as they are processed
-ccsyntax - Spew details about the localized strings we load
-cef-winxp - force running the WinXP compatible CEF browser
-community - Set the community URL
-complete_install_via_http - Run installation completion over HTTP by default
-console -
-cybercafe - Forces cyber cafe mode for debugging
-debugbutton - Show debug button in content frame header
-debug_steamapi - enables logging of Steam API functions
-dev - enables developer spew
-disable-winh264 - disables loading winh264.dll
-dumpvideostream - Dump the game stream as an elementary video file
-enablealloobesteps -
-forcecontrollerappid - Force a Specific AppID for Steam Controller Config - Prevents context/app switching from changing configuration
-forceservice - Run Steam Client Service even if Steam has admin rights
-fs_log - Log file system accesses
-fs_logbins - Log the binaries we load during operation
-fs_target - Set target syntax
-fulldesktopres - Run tenfoot in full desktop resolution rather than 1080p, overrides -720p as well.
-fullscreenopengl - Use the full screen OpenGL render for the UI
-install - Install game from media
-installer_test - changes installing a retail game to emit all files to install_validate/ folder instead of to the steam cache
-language - Set Steam client UI language
-lognetapi - logs all P2P networking info to log/netapi_log.txt
-log_voice - writes voice chat data to the logs/voice_log.txt file
-musiccrawltrack - Add menu to crawl track and print result to console
-musicdbforcerebuild - Forces a rebuild and recrawl of the music database
-no-browser - unconditionally disables CEF
-no-cef-sandbox - disables sandboxing in CEF
-no-dwrite - forces CEF to use GDI text even if DWrite support is available
-no-shared-textures - forces overlay to avoid sharing texture handles with game process
-nobigpicture - Start in regular mode (force Big Picture mode off)
-noconsole -
-opengl - Use the OpenGL render for the UI
-pretend_ipt - Pretend system is IPT capable
-pretend_ipt_bad - Pretend IPT credential is bad
-pretend_not_ipt - Pretend system is not IPT capable
-show-ssa - force display of SSA
-silent - Silent startup mode (tray mode only)
-single_core - Force Steam to run on your primary CPU only
-steamos -
-store - Set the store URL
-storebeta - 0
-supernav -
-tcp - forces connection to Steam backend to be via TCP
-tenfoot - Start in Steam Big Picture mode
-testbutton - Show test button on main menu
-vguifocus - Print out details of which panel has keyboard focus
-vguimessages - set to see debug vgiui2 messages
-voicerelay - Only allow 'relay' connections for voice (testing).
-vrdisable - Disable VR - never even try to load OpenVR DLLs
-vrforce - Always perform Hmd status check even if we crashed the last time we tried
-vrskip - Skip VR initialization entirely no matter who asks for it
-windowed - Run Steam tenfoot mode in a window rather than a fullscreen borderless window
```

Commit message:

Added command and clarification
exitsteam wasn't included yet. I also added a description for the steamos option. I could go into much more detail, but I don't think that would fit this document

Command Line Arguments.MD, after:

###### Taken from Steam Client Win64 Beta 1498032887 built Nov 1 2016, at 12:01:19

Steams Command Line Arguments are prefixed with `-`.

```
-480p - Run tenfoot in 480p rather than 1080p
-720p - Run tenfoot in 720p rather than 1080p
-accountrecovery - Perform account recovery
-all_languages - show longest loc string from any language
-bigpicture - Start in Steam Big Picture mode
-cafeapplaunch - Launch apps in a cyber cafe context
-candidates - Show libjingle candidates for local connection as they are processed
-ccsyntax - Spew details about the localized strings we load
-cef-winxp - force running the WinXP compatible CEF browser
-community - Set the community URL
-complete_install_via_http - Run installation completion over HTTP by default
-console -
-cybercafe - Forces cyber cafe mode for debugging
-debugbutton - Show debug button in content frame header
-debug_steamapi - enables logging of Steam API functions
-dev - enables developer spew
-disable-winh264 - disables loading winh264.dll
-dumpvideostream - Dump the game stream as an elementary video file
-enablealloobesteps -
-exitsteam - Exit Steam immidately after the update check on startup
-forcecontrollerappid - Force a Specific AppID for Steam Controller Config - Prevents context/app switching from changing configuration
-forceservice - Run Steam Client Service even if Steam has admin rights
-fs_log - Log file system accesses
-fs_logbins - Log the binaries we load during operation
-fs_target - Set target syntax
-fulldesktopres - Run tenfoot in full desktop resolution rather than 1080p, overrides -720p as well.
-fullscreenopengl - Use the full screen OpenGL render for the UI
-install - Install game from media
-installer_test - changes installing a retail game to emit all files to install_validate/ folder instead of to the steam cache
-language - Set Steam client UI language
-lognetapi - logs all P2P networking info to log/netapi_log.txt
-log_voice - writes voice chat data to the logs/voice_log.txt file
-musiccrawltrack - Add menu to crawl track and print result to console
-musicdbforcerebuild - Forces a rebuild and recrawl of the music database
-no-browser - unconditionally disables CEF
-no-cef-sandbox - disables sandboxing in CEF
-no-dwrite - forces CEF to use GDI text even if DWrite support is available
-no-shared-textures - forces overlay to avoid sharing texture handles with game process
-nobigpicture - Start in regular mode (force Big Picture mode off)
-noconsole -
-opengl - Use the OpenGL render for the UI
-pretend_ipt - Pretend system is IPT capable
-pretend_ipt_bad - Pretend IPT credential is bad
-pretend_not_ipt - Pretend system is not IPT capable
-show-ssa - force display of SSA
-silent - Silent startup mode (tray mode only)
-single_core - Force Steam to run on your primary CPU only
-steamos - Run Steam tenfoot mode in SteamOS mode
-store - Set the store URL
-storebeta - 0
-supernav -
-tcp - forces connection to Steam backend to be via TCP
-tenfoot - Start in Steam Big Picture mode
-testbutton - Show test button on main menu
-vguifocus - Print out details of which panel has keyboard focus
-vguimessages - set to see debug vgiui2 messages
-voicerelay - Only allow 'relay' connections for voice (testing).
-vrdisable - Disable VR - never even try to load OpenVR DLLs
-vrforce - Always perform Hmd status check even if we crashed the last time we tried
-vrskip - Skip VR initialization entirely no matter who asks for it
-windowed - Run Steam tenfoot mode in a window rather than a fullscreen borderless window
```
